Update p2p examples to work for SDK 5.0 - Closes #5511 (#5882)
LiskHQ/lisk-sdk: elements/lisk-p2p/examples/README.md

# P2P Examples

A few examples to demonstrate the usage of @liskhq/lisk-p2p library. Make sure you run `npm run build` before running these examples.

> - Echo: Nodes will simply say hi to each other and they will get a response back until some node get 10 hi's in total.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Echo: Nodes will simply say hi to each other and they will get a response back until some node gets 10 "hi"s in total.
```

  - Run : `node examples/echo` from root folder.

> - A network can be thought of as people who move from city to other and if they find some peer in the same city they broadcast it to others and shutdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A network can be thought of as people who move from one city to other and if they find a peer in the same city, they broadcast it to others and shutdown.
```
